Clarify Data Studios GPU and CPU availability (#398)
seqeralabs/docs: changelog/seqera-enterprise/v24.2.mdx

    - Custom environment build events are now added to the audit log. The events `data_studio_session_build_started` and `data_studio_session_build_failed` are added to the audit log events table.
- Data Studios dashboard:
    -  A new [dashboard](https://docs.seqera.io/platform/24.2/monitoring/dashboard#data-studios) provides information about Data Studios usage to help you manage your resources.

> - In a CPU instance type [compute environment](https://docs.seqera.io/platform/24.2/compute-envs/overview), both CPU and GPU resources are supported and can be added to your Data Studios sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In a GPU instance type [compute environment](https://docs.seqera.io/platform/latest/compute-envs/overview), both CPU and GPU resources are supported and can be added to your Data Studios sessions.
```

> - In a GPU instance type [compute environment](https://docs.seqera.io/platform/24.2/compute-envs/overview), both CPU and GPU resources are supported and can be added to your Data Studios sessions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- In a GPU instance type [compute environment](https://docs.seqera.io/platform/24.2/compute-envs/overview), both CPU and GPU resources are supported and can be added to your Data Studios session.
```
